K.C. instead of AD

543 K.C. The Brink of War: Gul'dan has given the orcish clans an ultimatum: accept the blood of Mannoroth and rise to greatness, or refuse and become a footnote in history. The Draenei are in a vulnerable position. They are surrounded by enemies on an alien planet where allies are few. It is only a matter of time before a single spark engulfs the continent in war.
As the orc clans and tribes attempt to gain hegemony on Draenor, there is another struggle for power on Azeroth. Tensions are rising as nations on the Eastern Kingdoms and Kalimdor have become unsure of what the future holds for their people and as well their own legacy. Whatever uncertainties there are, one thing is for sure: war is coming.

615 K.C. Destiny: Instability and uncertainty: Azeroth is rank with it. Ambitious empires have risen and fallen in the blink of an eye. All thoughts of glory destroyed with them. From the dark corners of the universe, unspeakable horrors and demonic nightmares have been unleashed onto the world only to be pushed back by a united Azeroth. They are broken, yet far from defeated. Their masters lie in the shadows, scheming and planning for the right moment to return. However, as all great things must come to an end, this unity won't last long.
Sounds of battle continue to roar as forces of the Alliance attempt to destroy the remaining Scourge. The Forsaken, throwing off the shackles from the weakened Lich King now find themselves at surrounded and at odds with kingdoms of the Alliance. In desperation they have joined the Horde. In doing so they have given the Horde a foothold and powerful ally on the Alliance dominated Eastern Kingdoms. In the west the Horde nations find themselves in constant skirmishes with the Kaldorei, and nearly on the verge of all out war. Petty and pointless wars that only help quicken the destruction of Azeroth.
The world is not prepared for what is coming. Imminent invasions by the fractured troll nations and silithid seeking to recreate their once powerful empires are on every citizens mind. The Lich King marches on the icy continent of Northrend in preparation for his next invasion. The demonic disfigured and exiled night elf, Illidan, now sits atop the Black Temple. With the help of powerful allies he has proclaimed himself the Lord of Outlands. Around Azeroth, there are whispers of a dooming prophecy. The elementals have begun to align themselves for the return of Deathwing and they now prepare themselves for the hour of twilight. Will you find yourself written in history as the hero or villain?

622 K.C. The Tyrant of Blood and Iron: The mists that have shrouded Pandaria for generations have been lifted. The rivalry between the Alliance and Horde has been reignited as each faction attempts to gain landfall on the continent. However, the native Pandaren won't be so easily swayed by the foreigners. Pandaren political tensions are at an all time high and have nearly boiled over into a civil war.
Varian Wyrnn has been given the title of High King of the Alliance and as such is now the high commander of the military. Talk of disunity within the Horde, has boosted Alliance war fervor. Now is the time to strike and dismantle the Horde once and for all.
Garrosh Hellscream, Warchief of the Horde, is the master of his own fate. His ruthless shock and awe tactics have shown he is willing to do whatever it takes to ensure the destruction of the Alliance. His iron fisted rule, distrust, and paranoia of anyone other than an orc has led to wavering support of the other Horde nations. The Horde has now come to a crossroads, continue to follow Garrosh and his brutal war machine, or depose the tyrant and restore honor to the Horde. 